# Scotiabank-Terrorist-Attacks-at-the-NYC-World-Trade-Center
Scotia Capital Investments (Bank of Nova Scotia / Scotiabank)
Terrorist Attacks at the New York City World Trade Center
2-26-93 and 9-11-01
Reports by Cory Andrew Hofstad
Contents:
1.	Introduction to World Kids Program
2.	Kidnap by Scotiabank
3.	2-26-93 FBI / US Martial / National Guard Detonation into Scotiabank vault to rescue hostages
4.	9-11-01 Attack on WTC, NY by Scotiabank to eliminate World Kids plaintiff in criminal charges

1.	Introduction to World Kids Program
As a service to a large number of working parents in The World Trade Center Plaza located in New York City, a daycare was opened in building 1. The childcare program was called “World Kids, New York City” and was designed as a very interactive program which delivered bi-daily field trips throughout the boroughs of New York City. World Kids was advertised as a “Daycare with Culture”. The goal of the program was to offer children of those who worked in world economics with a world view in which would be relatable with family values and allow children to participate in real-world dinner conversations.
Many of the childcare workers if not all were college students, otherwise graduates with degrees relevant to childcare education, arts, fitness, health, nursing or other backgrounds needed to host very progressive and educational daily activities. The initial childcare fees were around $100 a week. This childcare option was not the cheapest or most expensive, but it was created as an educational and healthy platform that enriched the quality of life for many families.
The daycare was launched on March 17, 1999 by Jonathan Berkman and his Wife Sarah after Jon had been whiteness to a poor selection of childcare operations in Manhattan. He saw stuffy, cramped daycares that left once a day at max, to city parks in the neighborhood and served bland food that he felt bad serving to children. The daycares lacked a focus on education, Jon believed that while children still have mental elasticity every opportunity should be taken to fill their minds with knowledge which is the ultimate source of power and control over one’s life.
Jon created a “Brain Elasticity” program which was designed to stretch the limits of young children’s learning potential. Jon and Sarah’s daycare featured a full range of musical instruments, an art studio, a game room and a library that was constantly growing. World Kids “mat room” allowed children to exercise and burn energy, focusing on a healthy mind, and healthy body approach.
World Kids brought in instructors in Music, Art, Fitness, Education and Health to teach classes and seminars which created an environment much like school, except without desks and with much more hands-on learning. Only legal requirements of teaching credentials limited the daycare program from operating as a small schoolhouse within the World Trade Center.
Daycare outings held by World Kids featured trips to Art Museums, Bronx Zoo, Financial Centers, Statue of Liberty, etc. World Kids prepared multi-cultural meals in an onsite kitchen which were enjoyed together in a family type setting which included prayer to all religions and beliefs which was something not seen in many settings. Children would pick prayer orders from a bowl and children would offer prayers in Christian, Jewish, Buddhist, Islam, Sheik and various religions for all who sat at the table. Non-religious children got a chance to learn about world religions which created tolerance and inter-cultural communication across all faiths at a young age.
World Kids opened it’s doors on the 76th floor of World Trade Center building one in mid-1999. By June of 2000 World Kids was in operation 7 days a week, up two days in the weekends and had to expand to a new opening 
Growth for the daycare was made easier by a large interest from the artistic and academic communities. The Sinclair group donated ten thousand dollars in a grant for a piano and other musical equipment. Berkley California Institute donated $500 per week to study Jon’s Brain Elasticity program for scientific research related to brain growth and early childhood education. World Kids was offered a grant by World Bank to cover field Trip and museum costs after an account executive sent his child to the operation after learning of the high quality of care provided at World Kids. World Kids was offered a sponsorship by McDonalds in New York City, but turned McDonalds down as it did not fit the program.
World Kids was growing and plans were being drafted to open a second location in Los Angeles after an opening for lease was offered to the daycare in California, at the World Trade Center Campus in California. Plans for California were centered around a placement on the second floor near the visitor’s center which offered easier access to a less congested culture within Los Angeles and surrounding cities of California which World Kids would have access to. The Opening in California was supported by Berkley as the program would have better access to campus resources and vice versa.
The Business model was largely successful for World Kids New York City, but for Jon, Sarah and World Kids of New York City the program would come to a violent end at the hands of an entity which was completely unknown to the daycare. Jon and Sarah first encountered the unknown entity on the first day of moving into the World Trade Center building one at NYC. While loading a box piano into a fright elevator from a loading platform three men offered to buy the piano for what Jon stated was a very cheesy price. The men introduced themselves as employees at The Bank of Nova Scotia Gold Vault. The men identified themselves as an Account Executive named Bobby, a bank agent named Jason and a janitor named Jerry.
While talking in the loading area, a young child walked into the group from the dock area. Jon identified the girl as four or five, Caucasian with shoulder length blonde hair. The girl was wearing a polka-dot white shirt and a blue denim skirt. An eerie silence fell over the group of men when the girl walked up to them. Jon assumed the young child was with someone from World Kids helping with the move. When Jon asked the girl if she was “with World Kids”, she looked down at the floor and shook her head no. She then stated “I don’t want to go to World Kids, I want to stay with my family” to the men from the bank. He replied to the girl “You don’t have to go to World Kids, you’re coming with us.” The girl then started crying “I want to go with my family, they love me, you don’t love me.”  One of the men said to the man nearest the girl “Jacob don’t break her, not in front of people”. John said “Don’t be too hard on her, she’s just a kid”. The man said “We got too much love for the kid to break her here”. Jon was confused by the wording and stated “You know, I run a daycare and you should not use words like ‘Break’. It’s bad for children’s self-esteem.” The made a joke about not selling them the piano being bad for her self-esteem. Jon said he was very sorry that he could not sell them the piano, but his children’s daycare depended on that piano and he was sure the bank could find one in New York City. One man replied “pianos are very expensive, you know, we are on a budget. These kids don’t come cheap. This one’s very expensive.” He poked the girl on the shoulder and said “Isn’t that right honey?” The little girl replied “I don’t like how you like me at the Nova Scotia Bank, I want to go home.” The man stated to Jon “Why don’t we let you go up first.” The girl shouted “My mom told me I was a sovereign citizen; I want to go to a daycare.” Jon stated that World Kids would be open in about a week and that the girl should come by for the opening. The man replied, “Oh, she won’t be around for that long.” Then looked down and said especially the way she has been crying.” The executive stated “You know, we might be operating a coin vault, but we know more about little children then you think, you never know.” Jon replied “Coins, so that’s what you keep down there? You guys keep tight like fort Knox.” The executive stated “We’ve got to, we have to make sure nobody escapes” followed by an awkward silence. The agent chimed in “With our valuables.” The three men and the girl walked back off the elevator into the loading area. As Jon was closing the door the girl said “I don’t want to have sex with anyone.” One of the men said “Were Saxon, we are not sexing anyone, you misunderstood.” “Kids say the darndest things” and they walked off.
Most people do not expect executive bankers within the New York World Trade Center Building to be kidnapping and molesting little girls in their bank vault. Jon continued back to his move-in, but the incident did not sit right with him afterwards. Sometimes in life you do not realize hidden meanings to things people say or understand subliminal hints until you replay in your head a few times. Jon, Sarah and World Kids would learn Scotiabank’s true assets throughout regular run-ins with employees who seemed to drop hints at what they were really up to, either as a method of bragging or in an attempt to bait the interest of potential clientele who understood insider language to Scotiabank human trafficking. The girl Jon met in the elevator was later reported as kidnapped and rescued from the Bank. Blame for the kidnapping and all responsibility was placed on the Janitor and the Bank continued operations as usual.
The Bank of Nova Scotia Gold Vault had a rail entrance which shared a platform with the main rail entrance of the World Trade Center Plaza in New York City. The rail platform was used by World Trade Center employees arriving via public train for general transit to and from work. Bank of Nova Scotia had a private rail car which was used to transport Scotiabank executives and “assets” in and out of the Scotiabank Gold Vault. The Scotiabank private rail car was an antique looking railcar which was painted black with gold pinstripes and “Nova Scotia” down the side in gold leaf. The interior was red velvet material near the back, and blue “Leather” in the front quarter of the car.

2.	February 23rd, 1993 Kidnapping by Scotiabank
I had my first experiences with the Scotiabank rail-car, gold vault and the Bank’s true intentions on two incidents. Both incidents involved the kidnap of minors and extortion of custody from their parents for sex trafficking purposes. 
The first time I encountered the Bank Vault Cartel members was during a field trip to New York City with Students from my Kindergarten class of John Hay Elementary. We were invited to New York City by a parent of one of my classmates “Julian”. His father worked at the New York Stock Exchange buying, selling and trading stocks and assets for Bank of Nova Scotia. We were scheduled to visit his office at the World Trade Center, see a Yankees game and tour New York City while learning a bit about the Stock Market. 
The field trip had about a 65% turnout, the cost of the field trip was $300 per child which my grandmother payed as the primary source of income in my household. When we arrived in New York City via southwest airlines our first destination was to be the World Trade Center. We took a blue and white school bus loaned to us by the United Way foundation to a train station where I first saw the Black and Gold Nova Scotia train which was waiting to take us to the World Trade Center plaza. Upon entering the train we were told that we were now in sovereign Nova Scotian land and territory and we were to abide by the rules and laws of Nova Scotia. When questioned about what they meant, we were told “Don’t worry, it’s just like America, but WE are the government. “
Prior to this announcement, the first odd thing we encountered when we boarded the train was after the loaded the boys and girls separately the bank guards insisted that the boys sit up front and the girls sit in the back. They were trying to get the boys and girls to separate in French Canadian accents when some of the adults who came with the school field trip started offering some resistance. “We don’t segregate our kids” Mrs. Skein stated. “Well that’s the way we do it on our train.” Our teacher then stated “If that is the way you do it we will take the A train, and we will get out of here.” The guard stopped her and stated “Fine if that’s the way you want it, we will do it your way, it’s just a little mixed up that’s all.” My teacher replied “Well that’s the way we like it”. Then he stated “So settle down and let us make a selection of girls for our legal advisors to do worship service with”.
As we approached the area of Manhattan which was home to the World Trade Center campus an argument broke out on the train. The Bank Vault guards told the parents that they had planned to separate the girls and take them on unsupervised activities within the vault. They insisted that no parents or teachers escort them. The adults which had accompanied our group were suspicious of the Scotiabank agent’s plans and wanted none of it. “We will have them worship, that’s what we do.” I heard one of the guards yell in a French Canadian accent. The teacher replied “We came here for stocks, and education not to be here for the girls you selected to come see your worship service.” The guard started yelling “That’s what I want, this is not about you. You are OUR guests; the girls come to our home. They do what we do now. That’s the way we like it.” The teacher then announced to everyone “Alright that’s it everyone, we are going back to the station and we are going home.” She had turned her back on the scotia to face the children. The bank agent grabbed her shoulder firmly and said “No you will stay here with me, we will have beautiful children and be married.” She started to back off away from him and shouted “No, we will not, I have a husband back in the states (I Don’t think she was married, just something to say.), matter of fact we are in America. We want off this train, we have rights.”
The guard grabbed her scarf and the fathers who had come with the group broke them apart and a fight broke out. Our adult group outnumbered the Nova Scotians on board their train and the Canadians did not know how to fight. We were able to force the conductor to stop and reverse the train back to the station which we had come from. As we began out transit back in the direction in which we had come from the guards who had been pinned and handcuffed with their own hand cuffs started shouting threats in broken English.  “Our agents will be waiting at the station once we return. You will never be allowed off this train.” He continued “You are our breakfast, we have not eaten.” A black woman with our group shouted “Get us off this train, NOW!” Adults started looking for areas in which were not fenced in and on street level, so we could escape.
The adults started discussing a location in uptown which we had passed that was street accessible and which we would be able to escape from. As we approached the location the train was slowed down and we escaped from foreign captivity onto American soil. One of our classmates father from Iran thought we were over reacting and made a decision to stay aboard the train with his child. My guess is that in his culture it was not against his customs to separate boys and girls for selective worship services and he did not want to disrespect our “hosts”. I believe he thought his family would receive special treatment for following Scotiabank’s requests.
The last father on the train jumped off a moving train after the conductor started accelerating toward the World Trade Center. “There are two people on that train and we cannot go after them. We need to find somewhere safe and file a police report.” I had just witnessed Ms. Skein punch a Nova Scotian with a Hay Maker, were missing a man and his daughter from the group but the majority of our class was on American soil.
We found the local police department and filed a report with Midtown police Precinct. The police told the adults that we should not have been on that train in the first place and that ”we should never be with someone who told us that we aren’t American citizens when we are in their space.”, that “They are a company not a foreign nation with ambassadorial privileges.”
The Midtown police said they would look into the claims and forward them to the precinct responsible for the World Trade Center Campus. As far as the two missing persons from our group we were told that “They had a right to get away, but they also had a right to stay.” And that these two individuals had claimed that they were not afraid. It was technically not a kidnapping since they stayed behind and it was too soon to consider the persons as missing. An officer stated “We will look after them, but there is not much we can do until I see proof that it is a kidnapping.” And “Look guys, this is New York City, there are some weird folks in NYC, and especially these Canadians who you register as when they claim you are not a sovereign citizen. That kind of scares me.” 
“You all said you were planning on seeing Yankees game vs. Los Angeles. Why don’t you go and do that. Both teams are American, it’s the Yankees, everybody at the game will respect you as a sovereign citizen. It’s still the United States; just don’t go back on that train.” He pointed at us and in a Very serious tone told us “And stay out of that vault” “Boys and girls, Nova Scotia has nothing for you to learn. You have seen how they treat you.” “Have a hotdog, and if you go back to the World Trade Center, don’t go there. It won’t happen again, we will make sure of that.” He then grabbed our report, put it in a file and took it into the back office.

3.	2-26-93 Rescue of Hostages via Detonation of outer wall of Scotiabank via WTC, NY Parking Garage
As we left the police station to come up with our next plan, the adults decided to listen to the police and we made plans to see a baseball game in New York City. As we were figuring out our new itinerary, Julian’s father pulled up in a Brown Alfa Romeo. I remember Julian had his head down, looking embarrassed. Julian’s father would not allow him to fly southwest Airlines. This was something the other adults had argued about as he had invited us all to New York City on behalf of his employer and would not even fly on the same plane as our class because “It was not good enough” or “Not first class.” I believe Julian and his father had flown United Airlines. Julian and his father were not on the plane, the bus or the train. We had not seen them since we left Sea-Tac Airport. Before Julian’s father had forced him off the Southwest plane, Julian told us “It’s not fair what my father is doing to you guys, my dad is trying to set you up.” This was the general sentiment when Julian and his father pulled up to the police station.
“Dude what the hell happened” an adult from our group yelled after Julian’s father got out of the car. “I can explain” said Julian’s father. “What, so you can explain how you set us up to get raped and kidnapped” the black mother yelled. “It was not like that” he replied. “Dad it was like that” Julian said out of the car window. “Kid what do you mean” his father said, now standing on the Sidewalk. Julian started to speak “You said” and Julian’s father put his hand over his son’s mouth. Julian pulled away from his father and yelled “You said that they were going to teach people to respect our country.”
Julian’s father turned to the crowd and pointed his finger at us. “You don’t understand, stay out of our negotiations, stay back. Stay out of my son’s mental break.” The black mother in our group lost it “You rude piece of shit, your son just told us the truth and there is nothing you can do about it.” Julian’s father reached into the car and pulled out a black pistol.
The police heard the commotion and came out just in time. “Freeze, drop the weapon!” they yelled. They instructed him to place the weapon on the group and get on his knees. As they placed him against his car he yelled “I want atrial, I want a good lawyer.” “This is a rightful arrest of these people for their invasion of a foreign land.” The police slammed him into his Alfa Romeo and said loud and clear “You weren’t arresting these people; you were just giving us evidence to what they said.” “There was no invasion, this is America.” “Under your feet is American soil, so are the trail tracks.” Julian’s father yelled “Not the car, the train that’s ours!” as they drug him into the police station.
The police asked us to come in. Julian’s father was yelling “I want Nova Scotia’s lawyer, they know what to talk to make some sense into people.” He then started yelling in French. Another black woman in our group started yelling in French back to him. I believe it was the black mother’s mom who was Creole and having none of his bullshit. “What the fuck are you guys talking about!?” a parent yelled. “He will rape you if he weren’t in handcuffs” she said back. “He didn’t say that did he?” another adult asked and Julian’s father yelled “Fuck you!”
The adults took the children outside and we waited for about 45 minutes or around an hour for the rest of the adults to come out. We found out Julian’s father was being charged with kidnapping. Apparently he spoke freely in French regarding his plans to sabotage our class, by kidnapping and raping us. An officer in the precinct spoke fluent French as his wife was from France. Officers had been dispatched to the Gold Vault and we were let go on our way.
We attended a Yankees game that day vs. the Los Angeles Dodgers. I believe the man who threw the first pitch was a New York congressman wearing a “Brooklyn Dodgers” jersey to show support for both teams. He gave a shout out to everyone in the stadium. In the sixth inning our group was approached by a man from the FBI and we were made to leave the stadium early by the adults in our group. Of the two missing persons in our group, the father had somehow released by the Nova Scotians, but the daughter remained in custody.
The bank claimed they lost our classmate specifically that the girl had “run off during worship service.” Our group wanted to know more before we made our next move, so we went back to Midtown, where we originally filed our report. At the station, the police informed us that while Julian’s father was to be charged for criminal kidnapping for his admitted role in the attempted captivity of our entire group on the train, that charging a multinational bank would be a task too large for the department. 
They said specifically that “Just because a guy and his friends from work decided to setup a field trip and use the company rail car to setup some kind of kidnapping does not allow us to enter or search a national gold vault of the company which they work for.” They informed us that until they had proof that Scotiabank was involved, they would not be able to get a search warrant for a place that big. The police gave our group numbers of the Sheriff’s department and FBI who had been handed the case and of the Scotiabank Gold Vault whom the police had spoken with regarding the incident.
The adults called the bank first, out of pure frustration. “We are going to clear this shit up right here.” An adult from our group stated. The bank told her that they would not be involved in any discussion about missing children, because they knew nothing about it. Furthermore, they claimed that they no longer used the railcar and had stopped using it six months ago for the service of a helicopter. They said that if we wanted to continue any talks that we would have to come to them, which we were not interested in doing. They gave the group the number of the bank agent “responsible for missing persons.”, I bet he is responsible for their missing people, and I bet there is a lot of them.” We then proceeded to call the sheriff’s office.
The sheriff took the name of everyone who was with our group at the time of the call and instructed us to come to their headquarters. They told us that the National Guard was notified of the incident and they were working with a judge and the bank’s legal department which was a hassle, because they were in Canada. I personally believe Canadian legal resources were used to make investigation more difficult.
After our visit to the Sheriff’s Office, we went to our hotel, originally planned at the Sheraton but changed to the Westin due to security concerns. At the Westin, I listened to adults of my group, FBI and US Marshals plan the first bombing of a Scotiabank that I was ever involved in. The plan was crude and desperate. Basically a group of parents and law enforcement officials were planning to use a van loaded with explosives to blow a hole in the gold vault wall from the World Trade Center parking garage. 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about, if it were not for these elementary kids, we wouldn’t be talking about blowing up bombs…” 
“We won’t be heroes if somebody gets killed, were trying to rescue a young child, not blow up the twin towers…” 
“I don’t see any way around it, to be honest they are probably raping your daughter right now. We have a trunk full of C4 explosives, and we don’t play around…” 
“We are ready to use it right now…” –Unknown Marshals, United States Agents, and Heroes
“I don’t care if I die at this point, we have been dealing with this stuff for a quarter century, I think my dad would be proud of us…” -FBI Agent
“The bigger point is, if we get our little girl back, if we go in there guns blazing, when we go back to Seattle no one can know about this. I can’t go to jail for yall, I have my own kid to raise and thank god she’s not here…”
“Cory! Get the hell out of here!” “Grown folks business…”
“Don’t talk to him like that…” I was led out to the main area where all the kids were playing a Nintendo that someone had bought or brought with them.
During that night, I spoke to my father on the phone. He was angry and told me. “Look son, you want to be a gangster? You want to be like me and my friends?” “You need to find a way into that car and you need to do something to help your friends. You need to prove yourself to me, I don’t want you to sit back at the hotel while these white people risk their lives for you and your little friends. You get me?” I spent that night convincing my neighbor and best friend Natalee to sneak into the FBI van with me when they left the next morning to use the explosives. They had the bombs all covered up with a blanked, we snuck in the car at three in the morning and fell asleep nestled in C4 under that blanket. When we woke up the agents were in the car getting ready to leave the hotel. When we were found, we were already on the road and it was too late to go back. I had made my first jump into action, which got me noticed by the servicemen who helped us that day in 1993.
Our group had learned what Scotiabankers did to little girls. We were responsible for the bombing of the World Trade Center parking Garage on February 26th, 1993. Over a dozen children were pulled out with our classmate by the US National Guard, US Marshal Service and FBI. We were told to thank the guardsmen because they risked their jobs and lives to be there and they were not supposed to have to do things like this. They were the men and women I modeled the rest of my life on after the incident. We had fought tooth and nail to escape a kidnapping by Saxon-French Canadian rail pirates. I witnessed my kindergarten teacher throw haymakers. The FBI helped us blow a hole in a foreign gold bank in the building that we had planned a field trip to and packed in a jet liner for. US Marshals and National Guard had jumped on a spur of the moment quazi-bank robbery to save children and had minor success. I only say minor success because the guardsmen stated this because we believed there were more children somewhere and for some of these children if not all we were too late…
I was shown at the age of 5, that rules do not apply when your child’s life is in danger and this is how heroes do things. I learned that these heroes (Marshals, FBI and Guard) would jump on a chance to risk their lives to save someone else’s child even if they had children of their own. “I do this because if ever I was not around, someone would have to do this for my child. I’m just covering as many bases as I can, waiting for the pitch.” -Army National Guardsman
I listened to what the rescued children told us and saw how they acted toward the men and women who rescued them. I saw what pain these Scotiabankers and pedophiles did to them. When the Army National Guard left, honestly I felt as if they left me behind. I felt like I was one of them, I thought I should be going with them to save more people. I did not understand why I was different than them, why I was just a student and not a hero in uniform. I couldn’t get it out of my head, I wanted so bad to prove to the world, to anybody that I could be like these people. I wanted to show people that I was like these adults who were willing to break the law and risk life and limb to save small children.
Meanwhile a “Terror Attack” story was broadcasted to the media claiming Middle Eastern attackers tried to blow up the World Trade Center. Why America chose to let Scotiabank off the hook I did not yet understand. It is my current understanding and knowledge that Scotiabank holds onto little girls for decades, abusing them and conditioning females into “Stepford Wives” and sex slaves for wealthy individuals including politicians, public officials, celebrities, media moguls and government employees for large sums of money. Girls who cry are referred to as “Broken Gold”, because they cannot be sold as they are the type to draw attention and legal problems for the bank’s clients. “Broken Gold” is dealt with by immediate execution and disposal. Little girls are stored in the Bank of Nova Scotia Gold Vault. This is the Scotiabank business; little girls are the currency of Scotiabank.
It is my understandings that if America ever cracks down on Scotiabank, the men who are married to these “Slave Women” are going to fall. These men have children with these purchased brides; they have created lives around their investments. These facts create liability which causes these powerful men to stick together. These men control media, politics and our nation. They refuse to air ANY Scotiabank scandal because it will bring them down. In the United States you are either like one of the Guardsmen who freed our friends, one of the Scotiabank Cartel members who feed the public lies, or an unknowing sheep being led by whoever you listen to as your news outlet. I chose in kindergarten to be like the guardsmen.
The classmate who was kidnapped on the train returned to the class broken, rarely attending class and was always with her father.  This taught me what true fear looked and felt like. It was real and was in me. We talked about rape in my class, I knew what it was and kids I knew started telling stories about rapes that were happening near our neighborhoods. I had to stay strong. I had to be like the guardsmen. I had a 150lb Punching Bag in my back yard and two pairs of gloves. I worked on my fighting with my neighbors Natalee and Margrett. I had to be able to defend my friends from the criminals who would hurt us. My grandmother gave me a small keychain Swiss Army knife to protect myself from those adults who may try to rape or kidnap me.
For information into my underage military enlistment into the National Peace Ambassador Program AKA “Project Applegate” check my GitHub.com repository titled “Project Applegate”
4.	9-11-2001 Attack on World Kids Daycare and resulting demolition of WTC buildings 1, 2, and 7 in NYC.
The bank of Nova Scotia Gold vault located at World Trade Center Plaza, New York City delivered children, specifically young girls to a vault entrance via the Black and Gold Nova Scotia train car throughout the 90’s. The Nova Scotia Gold Vault rail entrance which shared a platform with the World Trade Center Rail entrance used by employees was a regular hotspot for child abuse, crying children and human trafficking operations. As the rail station was covered, opportunities were taken to dispose of “Broken Gold” right on the rail platform as a method to condition young girls being brought off the train before they were brought into the gold vault. Girls who started crying on the train were bludgeoned to death and thrown in a rolling laundry hamper which was carted into the gold vault behind the shipment of young girls who walked off the train and into the vault. On occasions where girls started crying on the platform itself, and an opportunity presented itself, guards would violently bludgeon girls with the end of their rifle and throw them in the hamper in front of the other children.
The regular traffic of young girls being escorted into the Gold Vault by armed Scotiabank guards looking terrified and abused caught attention of many employees of the World Trade Center Plaza in New York City. When complaints were filed from employees and businesses within the World Trade Center regarding the traffic of underage females into the gold vault, the bank explained that they were operating some kind of “Girls only daycare” for the clients of their bank. 
Complaints continued and The World Trade Center Patrons became suspicious of certain aspects of Scotiabank’s operation. Specifically, Girls only ever seemed to be delivered by the train into the bank, groups of girls were never seen exiting the bank at the end of a work day. The girls who arrived at the vault were always new, and the bank did not have a solid explanation of where the girls went once they arrived at the vault. Stories continued about Scotiabank “cartel” rumors and more employees at the World Trade Center Plaza became suspicious of the activities involving the Train, rail platform and what was really happening to the girls who disappeared into the Nova Scotia Gold Vault in New York City.
When the building management at New York City’s World Trade Center threatened the lease of Scotiabank due to continued complaints regarding non-banking related traffic which was getting complaints from other tenants, Scotiabank started making plans to get rid of evidence and witnesses. Bank of Nova Scotia gained access to the core section of World Trade Center buildings 1 and 2 and planted shape charges from top to bottom within the hollow steel core which reached from the basement levels to the top of the building’s infrastructure. Thermite demolition charges were planted by CIA operatives via Freemason Access tunnels which connect areas of New York City’s underground. Plans were made to demolish the building in the event that the bank’s lease was ever terminated at the world Trade Center Plaza.
World Kids became involved in a criminal complaint when children from the childcare facility ended up at the Scotiabank Gold vault and were severely abused, one child suffering and amputated appendage. The incident occurred when a fight between two children at the World Kids daycare resulted in the parents of one of the children withdrawing the child from the daycare facility because they were unsatisfied with how the World Kids staff had handled the incident. Hearing about the “Girls Only” daycare program offered at the Bank of Nova Scotia Gold Vault, the girl’s mother brought her child to the bank and dropped her off for what she thought was a legitimate daycare program.
After the girl was dropped off the Scotiabank employees who did not know she was brought in by her mother for actual childcare treated her to routine Scotiabank trafficking operations. The girl reported that she was severely mistreated and violated in a sexual manner before the bank realized that she was brought in because her mother had believed that they were running an actual childcare operation. The girl reported that when the bank realized who she was, she was separated from the rest of the girls and isolated in a break room by herself, where she could only hear the abuse of other children within the vault. When the girl’s mother came to pick her up, she was threatened and told that her daughter was not allowed at the “Scotiabank daycare” for not following the rules.
The girl was taken to a doctor and brought back to World Kids within a week of a similar incident in which a child was mistakenly brought to the Bank of Nova Scotia Gold Vault to their advertised childcare operation. The second child was brought back missing a leg, which was reportedly amputated within the gold vault as a form of child abuse. A criminal case was filed against the bank of Nova Scotia Gold Vault with the parents of the Children and World Kids acting as the plaintiff in the case.
In response to the criminal case filed by World Kids, the bank tried to ease tension between the bank and childcare facility by purchasing a soda machine to be placed in the hallway outside of the Entrance of World Kids Daycare, on the 76th floor of World Trade Center building one. FBI attained intelligence through members of the Applegate program that the soda machine was rigged with explosives and placed outside of the daycare in case the case went to trial and no settlement was reached. The soda machine was offered as an off-handed gift with a message similar to “please accept this peace offering, because you don’t want to suffer the consequences of going to court against Scotiabank.”
Intelligence gathered from the Gold Vault determined that the soda machine purchased for the 76th floor of the world Trade Center was the same make and model of the soda machines used within the Gold Vault in the basement of the World Trade Center Plaza. Using this intelligence, FBI, US Marshals and members of the Applegate Program devised a plan to switch the machines, placing the rigged machine within the Gold Vault and the standard vending machine on the 76th floor. The machine from the Vault was taken for “routing maintenance” and the faceplates, button selections and soda were switched out on the Freight elevator in building one of the World Trade Center. The explosive soda machine featured a remote trigger, and was placed within the Gold Vault with the expectation that the bank would “blow” the machine inside their own bank.
US marshal service was offered to World Kids daycare and the childcare operation was urged to take no negotiations from the bank and accept communication only in the presence of undercover US Marshals and FBI operatives. As the weeks came closer to established court dates, pressure increased from the bank through frequent calls and attempted meetings. In one conversation, an agent stated “look, we don’t want anyone to get killed but that is what is going to happen when you go to court against Scotiabank.” The bank did not mean getting killed in trial.
Intelligence was gathered that Scotiabank and participating CIA members had planned a “watching party” for the detonation of the 76th floor soda machine from CIA offices located in building seven of the World Trade Center Plaza in New York City. Plans were made to provide these “Watchers” with a dose of their own medicine via an assassination by demolition of building seven while cartel members where gathered for their planned attack. Demolitions charges were placed by United States NAVY SEAL teams responsible for counter-terrorism activities planned by Scotiabank prior to the trial.
On the morning of September 11th, 2001 Emergency reports were made of explosions in the basement levels of the World Trade Center. Firefighters responded to the reports with the assistance of US Marshals, FBI, Army Rangers, Marine Recon, NAVY SEALS and pre-selected special operations groups selected for the event that everyone hoped would not have to happen. Military units arrived in full FDNY gear and helmets in fire engine to the Nova Scotia Gold vault to “respond to an unknown explosion within the vault.” Bank of Nova Scotia staff were ordered out of the vault for inspection and first responder access.
During the “FDNY” response, all children from the “daycare” in the gold vault were seized and all fire gear not used to put out fires in the vault was dumped out of the fire engines onto the side of World Trade Center building one, and around the response zone. The storage area for the fire gear was used to seize every accessible brick of bullion housed within the Bank of Nova Scotia Gold Vault. The missing gold from the September 11th, attack was taken away by the Department of Defense in FDNY fire trucks. The Bank of Nova Scotia was robbed blind for years of kidnapping young girls, and for threatening one of the best childcare facilities in New York World Kids Daycare.
When Bank of Nova Scotia Gold Vault staff realized what had happened, it was too late for them to do anything about it. They could not call the police, the police had robbed them and they knew that they were caught red-handed for the soda machine and the little girls. The children who were in the vault at the time of the rescue were in the custody of law enforcement officials and we were doing the investigations.
Bank of Nova Scotia Gold Vault had previously contracted security services of Osama Bin Laden’s Al Qaeda forces. Osama Bin Laden had an American identity as Zabi Abdulla Salim and contracted with Scotiabank for protection services to organizations such as Scotiabank.  Osama Bin Laden was paid six million dollars to carry out the publicized attacks on September 11th, 2001. Canada does not have a military force which is able to rival the American military, United States was prepared for a military response and this was what Bank of Nova Scotia could do with the resources which they had in possession. 
At TIME on September 11th, 2001 American Airlines aircraft were hijacked from airports at LOCATIONS and used in the largest terrorist attack in modern history. The first plane FLIGHT# targeted the daycare in building one, impacting at TIME. The second plane FLIGHT # targeted the World Kids center in Building two, impacting at TIME. Intelligence leaked regarding the robbery of the Nova Scotia Gold Vault by the United states Department of Defense led to an attack at the United States Pentagon, targeting the honorable men and women responsible for the largest bank robbery in World History.
CIA agent Sol Smith was responsible for the detonation of thermite charges placed within the World Trade Center buildings one and two at TIME on September 11th, 2001. The demolition of The Twin towers was the largest loss of American life from a single terrorist attack that I have ever witnesses or have recollection of. I entered the tunnel leading into the core section prior to the detonation and confronted Sol Smith with a tablet sized detonator in hand. I asked him why he would do this to people. Sol responded “For a profit” and detonated the sequence of thermite shape charges that brought down the largest skyscraper on earth, killing thousands of innocent American citizens, firemen, service persons and wreaking havoc throughout Manhattan. 
Looking back at my inexperience, I realize that today I would have not cared “WHY?”. I would have shot Sol in the forehead on sight and went right into doing my best to dismantle sequenced shape charges within the Twin Towers to save thousands of innocent lives. I have since learned that hesitation by first responders in combative situations is the number one cause of death to friendly forces from terrorist threats. “Why” is never important when an individual or group wants to kill your people. When your loved ones are gone, knowing why will never bring them back. Knowing why will usually only make you more upset that you did not do something to stop them sooner. I engage terrorists with immediate lethal force with no hesitation or regret. I worry about terrorists reasoning in the aftermath of a major incident and only so I can find out what the next move is or what I need to look out for. This is the way I live and I will never change this no matter what those you have not lived my experiences tell me. I do not lose sleep at night because of terrorists who I have killed, only those who are still alive.
News media outlets again diverted from covering Scotiabank involvement in the incident at World Trade Center, New York City. Al Qaeda was pinned as responsible for the attack without ANY further consequence for Bank of Nova Scotia cartel members. While the United States government averted attention for the publicized disappearance of billions of dollars of gold bullion, they built confidence in Scotiabank cartel members, who now believed that their actions were untouchable from media coverage or law enforcement officials. Human Trafficking operations by Bank of Nova Scotia continue to this day, generating billions in revenue and further creating a control structure within America through extortion of those in power of our Nation’s government and public assets.
I, Cory Andrew Hofstad was the individual responsible for dismantling the soda machines and switching faceplates, button selections, and soda for the placement of explosives within the Scotiabank Vault. I was also involved in demotions placed within building seven of the World Trade Center Plaza in New York City. While I was not in charge of media coverage, I did play a large part in military actions taken that day. We let pedophiles live while we stole their gold, like thieves. We failed our mission by not executing every single adult staff member at the vault that day on September 11th, 2001. Had we secured the bodies of all terrorists for proper disposal, we could have eliminated the ability to create a response such as was seen across America on 9-11-01.
After the attacks on September 11th, 2001 I was deployed to Afghanistan during the search for Osama Bin Laden, while in reality the CIA had provided him a United States Citizenship under the name Zabi Abdulla Salim. Zabi was living in Shoreline, WA on Sunnyside Ave. Zabi lived in a house he paid for with blood money from the Scotiabank attack on The World Trade Center, while I watched my brothers and sisters die with honor in Afghanistan looking for a man that we would never find. 
CIA agents have been purchasing wives from Scotiabank since the cold war, they no longer work for the United States. CIA is a rogue organization who killed John F Kennedy on DATE because he was attempting to shut down the Central Intelligence Agency for their responsibility for the Cuban missile crisis. In DATE, Cuba was the human trafficking hub of the Caribbean with clientele from all over the world coming to rape and molest women and children trafficked by Nova Scotian Pirates. The Russian “missiles” reported to citizens of the United States were in reality Russian citizens kidnapped from a Russian cruise ship and trafficked on the island. American clientele and Canadian trafficking caused tensions between America and the Soviet Union which have lasted to this day. During the Bay of Pigs Massacre, Canadian and American cartel members were executed in Cuba by Black Panther members led by The Nation of Islam, which included members such as Muhammad Ali. Tensions between Black and white members of Western culture ignited prior to and after this incident and many members of the Black Panther party were executed by the CIA in the late 60’s and early 70’s.
Conspiracy theorists claim that the United States government demolished the World Trade Center as some type of inside job in an effort to go after oil and opium in Afghanistan and Iraq. United States had nothing to do with any inside job on September 11th, 2001. The department of Defense was literally looking for a man in Afghanistan whom the CIA was hiding in Seattle, WA. The Iraq invasion was a response to Sadam Husain accepting Scotiabank checks in exchange for allowing Iraq to be used for mass brothels involving slavery and children. In a conversation I witnessed between DOD officials and Sadam he stated “I don’t run my country anymore, Scotiabank does that. I just accept a check.” “My county doesn’t pay me enough that I require to run my country. They can’t, I live a lifestyle that I cannot leave. I have a family to feed.
My name is Cory Andrew Hofstad. I was initiated into Project Applegate in 1994 and enlisted as an underage member of Naval Group VFA 14 “Tophatters” where I took an oath to protect my nation from enemies foreign and domestic. The first man I saw die in Combat was John “RudeBoy” Lancaster who was shot through his cockpit after bombing a Chinese vessel delivering weapons into Canadian territory. I have served in The Marine Corps and United States Air Force in both Afghanistan and Iraq battling enemies who serve a nation whom we share our northern border. I have seen too many of my friends die in combat to remember a realistic number. 
We have been involved in a Covert war with the Nation of Canada since the aftermath of World War II. I freely assassinate pedophiles, Scotiabank agents, rapists, human traffickers and those who commit treason on our country. I have never been charged with a Federal crime and for the most part have the full support of my Government. During my short involvement with the CIA, I was known as “The Superman”, I am known as “MRICYL BABY” in the NAVY, and simply as “Police” or “Cop” by my current Air Force personnel. 
If you need help, contact me and I will help you, but I require that you join the fight and help others in facing similar dangers. I am a fan of Social media such as Facebook, as I am proud of what I do and believe that Dangers facing America should be a social issue if our political leadership fails to inform us of the truth. 
Reach via the following: 
https://Facebook.com/masterchiefhegemon
https://github.com/coryandrewhofstad
cory.hofstad@seattlecolleges.edu

“God bless our nation and those nations who share our struggles.” 
– Cory Andrew Hofstad







